Dataviews: Delete the isDestructive prop from the actions (#72111)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/dataviews/CHANGELOG.md

- DataForm: Add summary field support for both card and panel layouts. The `summary` property has been moved from the field level to the layout level, and so fields using `summary` at the field level must now configure it within the `layout` object. Additionally, the first children will only be used as summary for the panel if 1) there is no `layout.summary` and 2) the form field ID doesn't match any existing field. See README for details. [#71576](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/71576)
- Remove `Data< Item >` type, as it is no longer used internally for a long time. [#72051](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72051)

> - Remove `isDestructive` prop from actions API, as it is not required according to the latest design guidelines. [#72111](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72111)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove `isDestructive` prop from actions API. Destructive actions should be communicated via flow (opens modal to confirm) and color should be used in the modal. [#72111](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/72111)
```
